[Our Dazzling Days]
[Episode 15]
Uncle Ding.
Don't be discouraged, Uncle Ding.
As the old saying goes,
victory and defeat are common in battle.
Next time, we'll get that shot first
and then go mess with them.
Don't worry about it.
But I can't win back my pride
at the cost of my conscience.
How could I possibly take someone's
emergency meds for some testosterone?
We won't do that.
I'll buy more for you when I get paid.
Now that would really be
a waste of testosterone.
What did you just call me?
Uncle Ding.
Why are you still calling me "Uncle Ding"?
What else should I call you?
You've joined the plant.
You're an honorable worker now.
In the plant, you can't call me
"Uncle Ding" anymore.
Drop the "Uncle."
Call me "Mentor."
"Mentor" sounds a bit weird.
I've called you Uncle Ding for years.
It's affectionate and nice.
Can't you be a bit more proper?
Okay.
Here, Mentor!
Please have some tea,
Mentor.
You boy.
This isn't mine.
It's been here for days.
Sit down. Sit.
Who the hell drinks while on shift?
Shi?
Shi!
Mentor,
who would you like to see?
Shi! Get Shi for me!
Sure thing!
Two Aces. Say "strong hand."
-Yeah, strong hand.
-Can't beat that.
Stop playing! Stop. Shi!
Mentor is looking for you.
Go quickly.
Two Threes! I gotta go!
Stick it on your face! Don't cheat!
I'll be right back!
Don't cheat while I'm gone!
D-Don't leave the seat empty.
You take over. Go. Go!
Mentor.
Come here. Have you been drinking?
No, I haven't. I-I didn't drink today.
Let me introduce you.
This is your junior, Xiaoman.
He's your senior, Shi.
Nice to meet you, Senior.
You're really something, man.
You're coughing. Can't you smoke less?
Is cutting back a little
really going to kill you?
Sooner or later,
you'll cough your lungs out!
No.
Look, Mentor.
I've got cough syrup in my left hand
and the cigarette in my right.
In from the left, out from the right—
it's all about
total intake management, right?
They cancel each other out.
Xiaoman, have a cigarette?
No, no, I don't smoke.
Stop talking nonsense.
Tell him about the work here.
Sit down. Sit.
Come on.
Scoot over.
The work here is simple.
One shift, ten people.
Five work in the morning,
while the other five are "on vacation."
Then after lunch,
the two groups swap. Simple as that.
"Vacation?" Where do we go for vacation?
Right here in the plant.
We just play poker.
Do you know how to play "Queen"?
Singles beat singles, pairs beat pairs...
Say something serious.
The three key points.
When playing "Queen,"
first, no straights.
Second, no four of a kind.
Third, no betting money.
Otherwise, it'd be gambling.
Am I right, Mentor?
The real three key points are these.
You must keep them in mind.
First,
be extra careful during the night shift.
Accidents happen most easily
in the early morning—
everyone's sleepy and exhausted.
Second,
if there's an accident,
never crowd around the scene.
Find the upwind side
and get out of there fast.
If you really can't tell
which direction is safe,
lick your finger and hold it up—
don't run toward the cool side.
Okay.
Third,
and most importantly,
never work a shift with reckless idiots
who are sloppy with their work.
Even if you're careful,
one slip-up from them
could still cost you your life.
Got it. Understood.
Mentor, you two keep talking.
Then what does a typical reckless idiot
look like?
You talk. I... I'll step out for a bit.
Give your junior a smile.
Why would I smile at him for no reason?
Well, you're looking at a pretty textbook
reckless idiot right here.
Piss off.
I'm telling you—work is work!
Stop joking around all the time!
Gosh.
I'm talking to those guys.
Did you hear me?
My goodness.
I'd like to make a call.
Okay.
Um, I'm looking for Yan Xiaodan.
Hello, Xiaoman?
Xiaodan.
How was your first day at work?
I was just about to tell you.
Back when we were in school,
didn't we hear "Ode to the Motherland"
almost every day on the way?
Today, on my way to work,
it felt so different.
When I heard the song on my way to work,
I got really emotional.
And I kept thinking to myself,
I have to do something meaningful
at the plant.
I have to repay my country.
Do you know that feeling?
I do.
Do you know how
much they set my salary at?
How much?
Five hundred fifty-one yuan seventy fen,
plus a twenty yuan allowance,
and four yuan for the haircut fee.
That's nearly 600 yuan.
That much?
That's a lot for you!
By the way,
I have some good news to share as well.
What is it?
My design work got exhibited.
That's amazing! I've always said
you're a natural.
Whatever you do, you excel at it.
But my inspiration
came from the "Mahavira Hall" you gave me.
So you deserve some credit
for this award too.
How do I deserve any credit?
I modeled it
after the Mahavira Hall when I welded it.
It was nothing special.
Anyway, I'm happy for you.
Keep it up.
Xiaodan, hurry up.
We're all waiting for you!
Coming!
I have to go.
My classmates are calling me.
Okay, okay.
Let's talk later.
Bye. Miss you.
[East Integrated Chemical Plant]
Cover me! I'm about to finish my hand!
Can you only play a King?
Come on, play something higher!
Didn't I tell you to
play something higher?
Wait, don't you have any high cards?
Snack on sunflower seeds all you want,
but stop throwing the shells
on the floor, okay?
I just swept it,
and you've made a mess again.
Xiaoman, you're cleaning for nothing.
Move over a bit.
We'll have it back to a mess in no time.
Lift your feet.
If you have nothing to do...
go fetch a pot of hot water.
Then everyone can have hot tea
when they get here.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Right?
Aren't you supposed to
fetch hot water this week?
Who are you bossing around?
-Mentor.
Come tidy up!
I thought I'd let him bond with everyone,
mixing in with the group.
S-Something like that.
Right now, I've got all this skill
and nowhere to put it to use,
you know?
Let's play poker for a bit?
Playing poker first thing in the morning?
Am I being too easy on you?
What else can we do?
Mentor,
has our factory always been like this?
Rotating shifts?
Not always.
We were pretty busy before the Gulf War.
It's only been like this
for the last couple of years.
Look how idle everyone is.
Every day, it's just eating
sunflower seeds or playing poker.
Look at how many seeds they eat all day.
There's really nothing to do in our plant?
Are none of the machines broken?
No maintenance or repairs to do?
We're all resting here.
Wanna work?
What work is there?
Repair work.
I'll take you along.
Sure.
-Let's go.
-Are you going?
Mentor, I don't want to.
M-My back hurts, and I keep coughing.
I'm telling you,
you can't play poker if you don't go.
We won't play. We won't.
You go.
Go ahead and crack them.
Come on.
Let's play poker.
Keep it down. Keep it down.
Be careful.
Okay.
Oh my.
Look.
A little vegetable patch.
These rows are chili peppers.
I was thinking of
clearing out that side later
and planting some tomatoes and eggplants.
Shi is so lazy
and doesn't want to do anything.
It's perfect that you're here.
Just perfect.
What are we here for? Farming?
Didn't you say there was some repair work?
Repairing the earth.
You guys are so funny.
Repairing the Earth...
T-This is just farming.
How are those the same thing?
Just hurry up and work.
T-Turn over the soil over there.
Hurry up. Go.
W-What kind of repair work is this?
Get on with it!
Jesus.
You guys play poker all day long,
while I'm here farming.
If you want to sing, sing out loud!
Stop mumbling over there!
This... well... Where should I start?
Mentor, here's how I see it.
Well, I'm a worker,
a technician,
right? I joined the plant to do repairs.
But now you're making me farm.
Am I a worker or a farmer?
In a sense,
workers and farmers are one and the same.
Hurry up and do it.
It's busy back in the workshop.
I'm heading back.
Busy in the workshop?
Busy playing cards.
Captain, slacking off here, aren't you?
You're back, Xia.
-Mentor is back.
-Lying...
All you know is lying down.
Why don't you just go home and lie down?
Xia, have you really made up your mind?
Yes.
Being self-employed isn't
as easy as you think.
Exactly.
I know.
Everyone says
we plant drivers have it made—
three pedals at your feet,
and you're somebody wherever you go.
People are dying to get in.
But look at you,
you want to leave.
I know what you're saying.
But tell me,
there's never enough work to do.
We have nothing to do all day.
What's the point in lying around
like him?
I've got all this energy
and nowhere to use it!
And my wife also wants me
to leave here and get moving.
Now we're getting to it—
it always comes down to your wife!
Why are you so afraid of her?
Scared of my wife? Nonsense!
No, I just...
I just...
take a little advice
from my wife now and then.
I'm still the one calling the shots!
And my son said
he fully supports me
going out to try my luck.
Xia, there's really not much work
right now,
but at least the whole plant
is still running.
It's somewhat of a safety net.
I know.
Mentor,
how much of your daily earnings
goes to the taxi company?
Not much. 160 yuan a day
to the taxi company.
See? I told you that's over 5,000 a month.
Xia, you're working from dawn till dusk—
what for?
What for?
To earn more money.
All right.
Oh, right, yeah, Captain, uh...
the clutch is a bit loose,
and the left headlight is very dim.
Don't drive long distances
until it's fixed,
especially at night.
Don't worry. Tang,
arrange for someone to fix it tomorrow.
I'm on it immediately!
I'm off.
M-Mentor, let me help you pack.
Xia! Xia!
Here, these are for this month.
Take these.
What does it mean?
Building from nothing—
but no need to go bare-handed?
Something like that!
Okay. Thanks for the blessing!
I'll keep this pair as a keepsake. Thanks.
Mentor, let me help you pack.
Get lost. Get lost!
I'm already done. Now he shows up to help.
You brat.
You need to teach him a lesson later.
Mentor,
whenever you have time,
come back and visit us.
We're waiting for you
to have s-skewers together.
Right. Treat us to skewers!
Treat us to skewers.
When I make money,
I'll treat you to skewers every day.
Until you're sick of them.
Alright.
Xia, work hard now that you're out there.
Absolutely!
I'm off!
Come back and visit often.
Don't say anything anymore.
You'll make me cry.
Bye. Bye. Bye.
-Bye, Mentor.
-Bye.
Xiaodan.
Come on, come here for a second.
I need to talk to you.
Come on.
What's wrong, sir?
You remember the overseas study program
I mentioned before, right?
Can I really go?
It's not guaranteed yet.
It still needs approval
from the department,
the university,
and the study-abroad program provider.
Got it, sir.
Alright, Xiaodan. Go back to class now.
-Thank you.
-Good luck.
Here, Shi.
Lulu, is this amount right?
I-I don't have a bonus again?
You ask every single month.
Can there always be a bonus?
Hurry up.
If there's none, there's none.
I'm here.
Here for your salary, huh?
Here. Here's yours.
Okay.
Xiaoman!
I'm warning you,
you need to count your wages right here.
If you leave this room
and then say something's wrong...
I know. I trust you!
I trust you too, Lulu.
I trust you the most.
No bonus.
Wait, let me check.
I worked hard.
I'll count it myself. It's fine.
What's wrong?
Why are you still standing here?
I-I'll wait for you downstairs.
Don't you know your place?
Yes.
Go.
You can have this.
Zhang Yao.
Okay, let me check.
W-Why did you just get a slip?
I don't like carrying cash.
Can't be bothered with it.
I'm just here to pick up Lulu.
Keep waiting here then.
She's not done yet.
Let's go.
Aren't we waiting for a bit?
No.
No?
Let me see... Let me see
if you got a bonus.
Coming, coming!
Uncle.
Xiaoman!
Come on in.
Uncle.
Come in.
Auntie.
You're knitting.
Xiaoman, you're here.
Uncle, come here.
Um...
Xiaoman.
I got my first paycheck.
That's great.
I bought this for you.
A bedding set!
You silly child,
why did you buy this?
We have plenty of bedding.
Yeah.
Just use something new.
What's the harm?
It's hard to earn money.
We appreciate the thought. We really do.
Go return it.
Save the money you've earned.
Go on.
Don't. It's a gift.
Why return it? Take it.
No, no.
Why would I want it?
What do I need it for?
I tore the package.
The package is torn.
It can't be r-returned now.
Oh, you...
You have to use it now.
You're always playing these tricks.
I'll put it here.
Then go cook something for him then.
-Okay.
-Eat here.
I'm not eating here!
It'll be ready in no time!
I'm really not eating here!
Have lunch here.
Hurry, sit down.
Sit.
I'll get you some water.
Don't trouble yourself, Auntie.
Xia Lei isn't home,
so isn't this all just
what I should be doing?
How are things with you and Xiaodan?
We're fine.
Same as usual.
Honestly...
Look at you kids,
all grown up in the blink of an eye.
Time flies.
So, how's the work at the plant?
It's okay for now,
but there's just not much work.
You just joined the plant,
so don't rush to grab every task.
You hear me?
I know.
I know what I'm doing.
Listen to your mentor in everything.
Whatever else we might say about him,
his skills are undeniable.
For sure!
I definitely have to listen to him.
I forgot! I forgot!
My mentor asked me to
go dig a vegetable cellar with him.
I completely forgot.
I need to get over there now!
It won't hurt to eat first!
-You should eat first!
-No!
If I show up late,
he'll definitely kick me again!
Uncle, I'm off!
-It won't take long. Eat before you go!
-Bye!
You guys eat. You guys eat.
I've already started slicing the meat!
This kid.
Can you move a bit faster?
Coming, coming!
Who are you learning to work for?
Are you learning for yourself
or for me?
We were thinking of
picking you up at your place!
Stop blabbering!
We also made tea for you.
Hurry up and come over.
We're digging a cellar today!
Come over here. Come on.
I've already picked the spot.
I've also marked out and dug the circle.
Later on, everyone,
just dig inside this circle.
A good cellar should be
narrow at the top
and wide at the bottom.
That guarantees
it stays warm in winter
and cool in summer.
I've already dug the circle.
Now, we'll take turns
digging out... the rough frame first.
Then, we'll use the shovels
to dig deeper.
Alright. Shi, you go first.
Sure, sure. You rest, Mentor.
Don't be so gross.
I don't mind you.
Come on!
Watch your digging. Are you
digging the ground or digging at me?
I've got good aim. I...
I'm telling you,
if you hit a high-voltage line,
that's it. We'll be burying you today.
Watch it!
Put your back into it. Come on.
Why are you just staring at me?
Dig! J-Just looking won't dig a hole.
Why are you just standing there?
Get digging!
Why are you two just looking at it?
Xiaoman.
I can see it clearly now.
The only one who can carry on my legacy
is you.
Mentor,
I've learned everything at the plant—
lathe work, plumbing, riveting, welding—
but none of it
helps with digging a cellar.
What's wrong with digging a cellar?
That's a skill every man
from the Northeast needs,
I'm telling you.
If you know how to dig a cellar,
that'll even save you some bride money,
you know?
Wifey, is dinner ready?
You're back!
Wash up.
Hurry up! Let's eat!
The food is on the table!
Hand out the chopsticks. Come on.
Come on.
So good.
Mentor, no alcohol?
We did so much work today.
Let's have a drink to unwind.
You want some?
Let's have some.
Go get us alcohol.
You want alcohol?
Which bottle?
Why not get Xiaoman's?
He just got you a bottle of liquor
and a carton of cigarettes.
Why did you buy those?
Just get it. Get the one I bought.
Fine. Go get it. Let's drink it.
I'll go get it. Wait!
You know the etiquette, kid.
Come on, eat something. Fill your stomach.
It's just... you know,
a-a start.
When autumn comes,
I'll teach you the real skills.
How is it?
T-This baijiu won't do.
No, no.
This baijiu is so great.
You bought this?
Xiaoman, what are you doing?
You can't spend money like this.
You're
throwing your money away.
How many eggs is this thing worth?
Well, eggs or not,
no amount of eggs can get you drunk.
It won't work.
You have to be thrifty.
You can't always spend like this.
Mentor, this baijiu smells good.
So good.
Who told you to open it?
Aren't we going to drink a bit to relax,
so... I opened it as soon as I got it.
You reckless fool!
It's fine. It's already open.
I-I'll put the cap back on.
I was just trying to be diligent,
opening it,
and now I'm getting scolded for it!
Stop fussing with it.
That just cost three eggs.
Why are you mad?
What should we do?
What do you think?
Let's drink.
I'll have three eggs' worth first.
I'll use this.
Come on, Mentor, you scared me!
Next time, you have to tell me first!
You must tell me.
How can you use a bowl?
-Well...
-You... go easy on it!
Where is Xiaoman?
Xia Lei, give me a hand.
Here, let me take that for you.
Where is Xiaoman?
I don't know.
Didn't he say he'd come pick us up?
Xiaodan!
-Here he comes.
-I'm coming!
-What are you doing?
-Xiaoman! Xiaoman!
Xiaoman!
Did you miss me?
Yes? Did you miss me?
I got bumped too.
What's wrong with you two?
-Our knees bumped.
-It really hurts.
Our knees collided.
Does it hurt?
Yes.
That hit made my knees go numb.
What a dramatic reunion you two have.
Yeah. We crashed into each other
as soon as we met.
Come on, let's go.
Your dad is waiting at the entrance.
He's outside, huh.
Let's go then. I'll carry one.
I'll take one.
It really hurts.
What do you want to eat
now that you're back?
I want to eat everything.
Is there anything specific you want?
So we can prepare it.
Made by you?
Made by me?
Made by Xia Lei's dad, then.
Okay.
I want to eat it all.
Why don't you go to my place to eat first?
Right. Your mom is
already cooking at home.
She's waiting.
How is your job?
It's okay. I even wanted to
go to Shanghai to pick you up.
That won't do. I heard from my senior
that interns are very busy
when they first join the company.
You have to be diligent.
It's good to be back.
Everything smells so familiar.
I've really missed it.
What smell?
You don't smell it?
Just a faint hint of water,
then
a hint of grass,
the smell of soil,
mixed with a bit of
the chemical plant's smell.
In short, it's the smell of home.
Different from the osmanthus fragrance
in Shanghai.
The air is much better now.
With reduced production and shutdowns,
those big smokestacks
aren't puffing anymore.
The smell from the chemical plant
has eased.
It's picturesque here.
The smell isn't bad either.
Then, do you prefer
the smell of the chemical plant
or the fragrance of osmanthus flowers?
I like them both.
The chemical plant smell
is the smell of home.
And home—you always come back to it.
Nothing can stop that.
But the osmanthus in Shanghai
smells wonderful too.
Of course it does.
What about you?
Me?
Look at our home here—
there are mountains and water.
And the breeze.
Then... plus your scent.
It blends everything together perfectly.
Just right. I love... this smell.
Home smells best when you're here.
Why do I have to
keep waiting for the notice?
What notice?
About studying overseas.
My mom is worried sick.
Why worry?
Even if she's worried,
she still has to wait.
True.
You're going into your junior year soon.
Look at Xiaodan—
going to study abroad and winning awards.
College isn't like high school.
You can't just bury yourself in books.
You have to be more flexible.
I don't have time for that.
Didn't you ask me to
take extra finance courses?
I-I still have to
teach myself computer science.
Well, we can just aim for grad school.
After that,
get into a state-owned enterprise
and find a good unit.
That will be so stable.
Mom,
guaranteed jobs aren't as secure as
they used to be.
Foreign companies work too, right?
Many offer good benefits.
Just think,
if we had o-one more room,
relatives could stay over when they visit.
Don't you agree?
I'm heading to Xiaoman's place.
Work hard.
We're counting on you for a bigger house.
Okay, a bigger house.
Be careful on the road.
I'm off. You should go back up.
No. I can't live without her!
Calm down!
Xia Lei, I beg you!
Don't make me lose my temper!
Xia Lei!
What's wrong?
I need... I need to find Lulu!
Wait for Xiaoman to come back!
I can't live without her.
The three of us will
help you figure something out!
I don't need your help!
I can figure something out myself!
What are you doing? Why are you shouting?
What's wrong? What's going on?
What's wrong?
Why are you two fighting?
Calm down. Go have a seat.
Just sit down first!
I can't sit! Something big happened!
-What's wrong?
-Sit down.
Lulu ran away from home!
Why make a fuss over this small matter?
What happened? Why did she run away?
Business at the plant
hasn't been good lately.
Her mom wants us to buy an apartment!
Why buy an apartment?
Our plant assigns housing, so why bother?
They stopped assigning housing ages ago.
Right! Her mom wants us to
buy a place in Tiecheng!
But we aren't in a hurry!
We won't get married for a few years!
But a couple of days ago,
one of her friends told her
that you can make good money in the South!
And she believed it
and was dead set on going south!
W-W-Why go there?
Who actually makes money in the South?
If it were really that easy,
everyone would've gone. Sit!
What's really going on?
-Calm down.
-Say it calmly.
Tell us, and we'll see what's going on.
I just had a bad attitude that day
and said things in the heat of the moment.
I told her—if you go, we're done.
Serves you right!
And you came out with "we're done."
Can you just throw words like that around?
No matter how much a couple argues,
no matter how mad or heated things get,
does saying "we're done"
solve anything?
And yet you said, "We're done."
She must be so disappointed.
No, no...
Xiaodan is right.
-I'm a jerk!
-Right about what?
Listen...
let's not be misled by how things look.
The first day she told you her friends
in the South were making big money.
The next day she picked a fight
with you.
And the morning after that,
she was already off to the South, right?
What do you mean?
Wasn't this all planned in advance?
Buying a ticket takes time, doesn't it?
She left the day after the fight—
how could she have done that so quickly?
So she didn't go to make money?
-Oh, no, no...
-Is my analysis wrong?
Xia Lei, what do I do?
W-Was I wrong?
Okay, okay. What are you doing?
W-Why are you getting angry?
I was just trying to console Dongdong.
Why are you... hitting me?
No.
I just saw the two of them break up
like that, and I...
I thought of us.
I was thinking,
no matter what happens in the future,
we should never say such hurtful things
to each other.
You scared me.
I won't. Don't worry.
Even though we're far apart,
I would never say things like that.
If you get mad,
I'll run after you
and make it up to you right away.
Okay?
I'm telling you—
when you argue, your head
just overheats,
and you say those things without thinking.
We're over.
I'll drink with you.
It's all over.
The plant has no work.
With this little salary,
how can I afford a house?
Wang Dongdong!
Why are you making a scene here?
Get up!
I can't drink anymore.
I'm seeing things now.
She's probably at Shanhaiguan by now.
I'll slap you all the way to Shanhaiguan!
You loser,
get up!
Get up... Have you no shame?
Why are you making a scene here?
Lulu? You didn't leave?
I thought you left! Where were you?
Sit down!
Suddenly, his eyes are clear.
You calm down now, huh?
Sit here.
Didn't you say we're done? Let's break up.
That's... that's not what I meant.
I mean...
Why do I want to go south?
What's wrong with me wanting to go south?
Is it wrong for my mom
to want a better life for her daughter?
Besides, look at Xiaodan.
She came back from the South,
from Shanghai.
I've never even seen
the cosmetics she uses!
You sit around cracking
sunflower seeds all day, not working hard,
and all the pressure falls on me!
What am I supposed to do?
I just wanted a better life for us!
-Say something. Hurry up!
-I... I was wrong.
I... um...
Do you think it's easy for me?
D-Don't we have a house?
The plant staff house.
We can fix it up,
then get our marriage licenses
so we can put our parents' minds at ease!
Who said they're "our" parents?
I... I will definitely...
I will definitely...
save money. I'll save a lot of money.
I'll design the house
Dad left us properly.
Stop rambling.
-Dongdong has already planned it out.
-Right.
His family's place
will be your marital home.
-He even wants to redesign it for you.
-Yeah.
He'll fix up your place nicely
and live a good life with you.
He asked me to design that place.
I've taken the job.
I'll design it nicely for you two.
You're just taking his side.
Xiaodan studied this!
Why would I lie to you?
Right, right! I've thought it all through.
We'll fix the place up nicely,
and it'll be our home when we get married.
Then, we'll spend this summer
getting it all fixed up for you.
You can just live there for now.
Right. Don't... don't be mad anymore.
Sit down. Sit.
Come on, have a seat.
Stay a while. H-H-Have a bottle.
Cool off.
Let's have a drink.
Eat something. Come on.
Calm down. Open a bottle for her!
Just tear down everything
in the yard, right?
Here we go!
♪ Walk on the same road a thousand times ♪
Keep playing.
I wonder how those two are getting on
with the demolition.
♪ Run together and venture
to the distant mountains ♪
♪ We yearn for tomorrow
yet cling to yesterday ♪
Xiaoman!
-How far have you gotten?
-Xiaodan!
-Let me see how it's coming along.
-Xia Lei!
Let me check...
Come in and take a look.
We're helping you move stuff out, right?
Right, right.
♪ Leaves blown away by the wind ♪
How is it?
Right? Just move all these out.
Tear this wall down
so the lighting
will be much better that way.
Okay.
♪ Spin and spin, spin a few circles
back to the starting point ♪
Careful, Uncle.
I'm fine. I got it.
Xiaodan, you go out.
It's too dusty in here!
Let me see how we can redesign this part.
♪ Save and save, accumulate bitterness
to exchange for sweetness ♪
♪ When will we stand side by side again,
and when will we say goodbye? ♪
♪ Like the swaying swing ♪
♪ If seas turn to mulberry fields ♪
Xiaoman!
♪ Whether flat or winding ♪
Come here.
♪ If rain wets your face ♪
Do you remember
♪ Chat at the old spot
after all storms have passed ♪
the size of that window?
Which window?
T-The one by the door.
I forgot the size.
Was it one meter by how wide?
This one?
♪ Time train goes round and round ♪
One meter by one twenty.
♪ Day by day, year by year ♪
The drawing is so detailed.
♪ Wave your hands and stride ahead ♪
Awesome.
♪ The years are kind ♪
When you're free,
design our house too.
♪ Migratory birds fly over
the mountain top ♪
We should renovate it.
♪ Get through the coldest day ♪
Then I want a small studio.
A studio?
We'll turn the whole house into a studio.
♪ Wait till the kapok blooms ♪
Just leave me a sofa.
I'll sit there with you.
♪ When you come rushing back still ♪
♪ The young you ♪
What's that for?
To thank you.
Xiaoman!
What?
Hurry up and come here!
Take a look at this door for me.
I want to remove it,
but I can't figure out how.
Just stay right here.
Come and take a look for me.
Coming.
Come on. We can't do without you. Hurry.
Look at this door.
I wanted to tear it down,
but I just don't know how.
What's all this about tearing down a door?
Let's go.
-Let me take a look.
-Careful.
Don't go any further.
-Wait a second.
-That's about right.
What?
-The surprise has to hit full impact.
-Tie this over her eyes.
-My goodness.
-No peeking.
-All this.
-Cover her eyes!
These young people.
A step. Watch the step.
Be careful.
Pulling off a big surprise here.
Come in.
So mysterious. Should I step in?
Be careful.
Okay, I'm in.
Surprise time.
It even smells nice in here.
Are you ready?
I'm ready.
♪ If seas turn to mulberry fields ♪
I...
♪ Whether flat or winding ♪
What do you think?
What do you think? Wait a second.
Let me put on my glasses.
Take a good look.
♪ If rain wets your face ♪
♪ Chat at the old spot
after all storms have passed ♪
Oh my god, this is so great!
♪ Time train goes round and round ♪
♪ Day by day, year by year ♪
♪ Wave your hands and stride ahead ♪
♪ There'll be sunshine through the years ♪
♪ Migratory birds fly over
the mountain top ♪
♪ Survive the coldest day ♪
♪ Wait till the kapok blooms ♪
♪ When you come rushing back still ♪
♪ The young you ♪
Hello?
Mom.
This goes all the way through.
Yeah. Two doors!
There's even a little pavilion here!
This is wonderful!
Look at all the flowers!
-Come on.
-Let's go down.
Mr. Ding, we can come down directly
from over there!
Really. Look, there's a ladder here!
We can go straight down.
God, Xiaodan is so impressive!
She really knows her stuff.
She designed it.
Do you like it, Lulu?
I do!
That's all that matters!
I have to treat you guys
to a big meal later.
Let's talk about that later,
but you can't hit Dongdong anymore.
I didn't hit him.
It's okay.
There're two beds anyway.
If she hits me, we'll just sleep apart.
I didn't hit him.
I'm at Dongdong's place.
Didn't I design their marital home?
It's finished, and we came to take a look.
Where did she go to take the call...
She's still on the phone.
You have to admit
Xiaodan is something else.
Look at this kid.
She hasn't been learning for long,
but look at her work. It's the real deal.
She's always had a knack for everything
she sets her mind to.
What about you?
What about me?
You need to get closer
to the organization.
Such a great organization.
Great as she is,
isn't she already mine?
You're so sure of yourself.
It got approved? That's great.
Xiaoman, my mom said
my application for studying overseas
was approved!
Really?
See? She just keeps
getting more impressive.
Study overseas.
S-She's going abroad to study.
Going overseas?
Going overseas...
Study... Study overseas...
Learning to swim?
Swimming... in the sea?
W-Why go abroad to learn swimming?
Can't we do that here?
What will you do after going abroad?
It's a short-term study program!
Just going overseas to see the world,
have a look around.
I'll be back in about two weeks.
Well, she gets to go abroad anyway.
Impressive.
I haven't stayed long enough.
It's only been a few days,
and I'm already leaving.
Come back again next time.
Going abroad is such a good opportunity.
Visiting so many countries in 15 days.
How wonderful.
Then what do you want?
I'll bring you something back.
I don't want anything.
Eat well while you're there.
Don't get cold, and stay safe.
Don't worry about anything else.
I hate to leave.
Don't be like that.
When there's a chance in the future,
I'll go with you and travel abroad.
That place, Venice, right?
And the Eiffel Tower in France.
We'll go see them all.
It's okay. Don't be afraid.
Take care of yourself.
Give it to me.
Let's go. I'll carry it. Let me.
I'll just walk her up.
Let's go.
Get on the train first. Get on. Let's go.
No.
Let's go.
Get on the train.
Come in.
Is Mr. Xia, Xia Lei, here?
Yes...
Are you crazy?
I have good news for you.
What is it?
We made money.
We finally saw some returns?
How much?
Guess.
A hundred thousand?
Are you crazy about money?
Eighty thousand?
Eight thousand! Eight thousand!
Eight thousand yuan is still a lot.
What are you doing?
I came across a factory on the website...
that sells gas stove brackets.
I'm thinking of contacting them
for my buddy
to see if I can get him a welding job.
Lei.
I've realized that you really are
a business genius.
What do you mean?
I mean... in the future, our website
can not only integrate resources
but also help clients
connect with factories and refer business.
Don't you think it's worth exploring?
I'm just trying to
find my buddy a job. You...
Let me think.
I think it's time for our company
to expand and upgrade.
That direction will definitely work.
Alright then.
Let me reach out
to the factory first and see.
If the initial contact goes well...
-we can talk more about it then.
-Contact them now.
Call them right now.
Come on. Let's contact them now.
I've never contacted clients before.
I-It's always been you.
You are a boss, too.
I can't do it.
Why can't you?
You can do it!
You have to meet clients sooner or later.
I can't do it every time!
You can do it.
You're the best!
Come on. You got this.
You can do it.
Don't wimp out.
You got this. Come on.
Use this.
Take it.
I won this as an award at the plant.
I don't need it, Mentor.
You keep it. Keep it.
Oh, come on.
Look at yours.
From a distance,
you'd think it was a discus.
Can it even be used?
This one is new. Use it.
Thank you, Mentor.
Don't mention it.
Still distracted, huh?
The day before yesterday,
we turned the soil.
Yesterday we put up the trellis
for the tomatoes.
If you really feel so idle today,
go fertilize them.
You could fertilize them yourself.
I'm not going.
Mentor, I've been
thinking about something these days.
Uh, Xia Lei,
didn't he set up a website in Shanghai?
So I asked him to help me check
if there's any work
our plant can handle.
And he actually found one.
There's this gas stove factory.
They need brackets for the gas stoves.
Do you think our plant
can handle that kind of work?
Absolutely.
Machining, fitting, riveting, and welding—
those skills will feed you anywhere.
Besides, for these people of ours,
welding mere brackets for gas stoves?
They're so overqualified.
Totally a piece of cake!
Alright then.
I'll go talk to them.
How about I invite
Wang Dongdong from Workshop 2
to join us?
Call him. It's not easy for anyone.
Money earned is money earned.
Okay.
After lunch,
I'll bring it to the director.
Go to him?
You don't need to
go ask him.
He'll definitely be on board.
After all, that will also
count as his performance!
Come on, come here.
Come on!
Fill it up for this kid!
Sure thing.
Try the new lunch box.
My brain
just can't come up with any ideas.
It's okay. I'm thinking about it.
What could you possibly come up with?
It's alright.
He's coming.
It should be fine.
He looks quite confident.
How did it go?
No. The director just flat-out refused.
He just wouldn't agree.
He kept saying there was no sincerity.
Where am I supposed to
find the sincerity in something like this?
I'm telling you—
if you transfer money to his account,
that's sincerity.
Wait, what do you mean?
Yeah, that's exactly what I mean.
What? You mean I'm supposed to
front some money
before I've even earned anything?
Right?
Where would we even get money
to give him?
Xiaoman,
have another talk with the director.
Ask him to let us use
the scraps to get started.
Once we submit the sample,
we'll have the money
to show our sincerity. Right?
Dongdong's idea isn't bad.
Yeah.
Give me a break.
The two of you don't even have
an ounce of sense combined.
If we're already doing the work,
why do we still need to show sincerity?
Sincerity is supposed to come first!
We have to show it before we can work.
Right, right.
And once it's done, what sincerity
do we need to show him?
Yeah. Calm down. Let me think.
I have other ideas.
Forget it. Wang Dongdong, your brain is
just for decoration.
Write him an IOU.
Hurry up and eat.
Dongdong's idea is good.
Gosh.
Director.
Xiaoman,
that's absolutely out of the question.
Director, listen to me.
We've figured out a way.
Let's talk inside.
Director, after you.
Go in.
Director, well...
we've thought this through.
See if this works.
First, we'll only work at night.
We won't do anything during the day.
We absolutely won't
let other departments see us.
Right?
We don't want to cause you trouble
before anything's even finalized.
Don't you think?
Secondly,
once our sample is done,
I'll have them pay some money first.
As a deposit!
That money is just a gesture.
A sign of sincerity.
It won't be deducted
from future payments or anything.
What do you think?
Director, then,
could you please write down
your account number for me?
That's for later.
Just this once.
Thank you, Director.
I'll be going back now, Director.
-See you, Director.
-Okay.
Director, I'm off!